Update cart container docs (#110)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/cart/containers/coupons.mdx

---
title: Coupons container
description: Learn about the Coupons container.
---

import Diagram from '@components/Diagram.astro';
import Callouts from '@components/Callouts.astro';
import OptionsTable from '@components/OptionsTable.astro';
import Aside from '@components/Aside.astro';
import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

> The `Coupons` container manages the application of coupons to the shopping cart. It provides a text box  for users to enter coupon codes. The container uses the `applyCouponsToCart` function to apply the coupon to the cart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Coupons` container manages the application of coupons to the shopping cart. It provides a text box for users to enter coupon codes. The container uses the `applyCouponsToCart` function to apply the coupon to the cart.
```

<Diagram caption="Coupons container">
  ![Coupons container](@images/dropins/cart/apply-coupon.png)
</Diagram>

## Configurations

The `Coupons` container provides the following configuration options:

<OptionsTable
  compact
  options={[
    ['Option', 'Type', 'Req?', 'Description'],
    ['couponCodeField', 'VNode', 'No', 'Coupon code input field.'],
    ['applyCouponsButton', 'VNode', 'No', 'The button used to apply a coupon.'],
    ['appliedCoupons', 'VNode', 'No', 'List of applied coupon codes.'],
    ['error', 'VNode', 'No', 'An error message'],
    ['onApplyCoupon', 'function', 'No', 'Callback when applying a coupon code.'],
  ]}
/>

## Example configuration

> TBD

Reviewer 2: Example on lines: [332-343](https://git.corp.adobe.com/Commerce-Storefront/storefront-cart/blob/main/examples/html-host/index.html#L332-L343)

---

import Diagram from '@components/Diagram.astro';
import Callouts from '@components/Callouts.astro';
import OptionsTable from '@components/OptionsTable.astro';
import Aside from '@components/Aside.astro';
import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

The `Coupons` container manages the application of coupons to the shopping cart. It provides a text box for users to enter coupon codes. The container uses the `applyCouponsToCart` function to apply the coupon to the cart.

<Diagram caption="Coupons container">
  ![Coupons container](@images/dropins/cart/apply-coupon.png)
</Diagram>

## Configurations

The `Coupons` container provides the following configuration options:

<OptionsTable
  compact
  options={[
    ['Option', 'Type', 'Req?', 'Description'],
    ['couponCodeField', 'VNode', 'No', 'Coupon code input field.'],
    ['applyCouponsButton', 'VNode', 'No', 'The button used to apply a coupon.'],
    ['appliedCoupons', 'VNode', 'No', 'List of applied coupon codes.'],
    ['error', 'VNode', 'No', 'An error message'],
    ['onApplyCoupon', 'function', 'No', 'Callback when applying a coupon code.'],
  ]}
/>

## Example configuration

> The following example demonstrates how to render the `Coupons` container:
> 
> ```js
> {
> . . .
> 
> Coupons: (ctx) => {
>   const coupons = document.createElement('div');
> 
>   provider.render(Coupons)(coupons);
> 
>   ctx.appendChild(coupons);
>   },
> },
> showTotalSaved: true
>   })(orderSummary);
> 
> ctx.replaceWith(orderSummary);
>  },
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to render the `Coupons` container as part of the OrderSummary slot:

```js
{
        provider.render(OrderSummary, {
          routeCheckout: () => '#checkout',
          slots: {
            Coupons: (ctx) => {
              const coupons = document.createElement('div');

              provider.render(Coupons)(coupons);

              ctx.appendChild(coupons);
            },
          },
          showTotalSaved: true,
        })('.cart__order-summary'),
```
```
